# AutoPromptGenie


---

Contributors: Triyasha Ghosh Dastidar and Priya Deshpande

## Components Description

### `data/`
- **train.json**: Contains example training data for tutorial purpose.

### `src/`
- **prompt_generation/**: Script to generate candidate prompts
- - **tot_prompts.py**: Script to generate candidate ToT prompts.


### `notebooks/`
- **data_exploration.ipynb**: Jupyter notebook to analyze and visualize the dataset.
- **prompt_analysis.ipynb**: Jupyter notebook to validate and analyze generated prompts.

### `models/`
- **fine_tuned_model/**: Directory to save any fine-tuned LLM models.

### `results/`
- **prompts/**: Stores prompts generated by GoT and ToT methods.
- **stories/**: Stores stories generated from GoT and ToT prompts.
- **evaluation_metrics.json**: File containing evaluation scores.

### `scripts/`
- **run_preprocessing.sh**: Shell script to run data preprocessing.
- **run_prompt_generation.sh**: Shell script to run prompt generation.
- **run_story_generation.sh**: Shell script to run story generation.
- **run_evaluation.sh**: Shell script to run evaluation of outputs.

### `requirements.txt`
- Contains all Python dependencies required for the project.

### `setup.py`
- Package setup file to allow for easier imports and modular coding.

---

## Data Collection

To collect and preprocess the dataset for prompt generation:

### 1. Install Dependencies:
Make sure all dependencies are installed by running the following command:
```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

### 2. Run the script to download dataset:
``` 
bash scripts/run_data_collection.sh
```


### Troubleshooting:

If ModuleNotFoundError occurs due to not being able to find relative imports:

```
export PYTHONPATH=$PYTHONPATH:<PATH_TO_REPO>
source ~/.bashrc
```

